Add mention of caveat with default interface methods in delegation page (#1680)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: pages/docs/reference/delegation.md

```

</div>

> ### Caveats when implementing interface with `@JvmDefault` methods
> 
> When delegation is used to implement a Kotlin interface that has its methods annotated with `@JvmDefault`
> (or a Java interface with `default` methods), note that the default method implementations are called
> even if the actual delegate type provides its own implementations.
> 
> See the [Caveats when used together with delegation](java-to-kotlin-interop.html#caveats-when-used-together-with-delegation)
> section of the calling Kotlin from Java documentation for an example.

Reviewer: This is specific for only one platform, so it's better to add a note instead of a separate section.

```suggestion
> **On the JVM**: when an interface with `default` methods is used for delegation (including Kotlin interfaces with  `@JvmDefault`),
>the default implementations are called even if the actual delegate type provides its own implementations.
>For details, see [Calling Kotlin from Java](java-to-kotlin-interop.html#using-in-delegates).
{:.note}
```
